README.md, before:

## EOSMON - monitoring EOS,TELOS,BOS,MEETONE using Node Exporter, Prometheus and Grafana.  

### Requirements:  
1. Node exporter
2. Prometheus
3. Grafana  

### Start Node Exporter with collector.textfile.directory.

Create directory:  
```
mkdir -p /var/lib/node_exporter/textfile_collector
  
chown node_exporter:node_exporter /var/lib/node_exporter/textfile_collector  
```  
Change service file:  
```
vim /etc/systemd/system/node_exporter.service  
[Unit]  
Description=Node Exporter  
Wants=network-online.target  
After=network-online.target  
  
[Service]  
User=node_exporter  
Group=node_exporter  
Type=simple  
ExecStart=/usr/local/bin/node_exporter --collector.textfile.directory /var/lib/node_exporter/textfile_collector  
  
[Install]  
WantedBy=multi-user.target  
```  
### Start script eos_exporter.sh.  
This script collect metrics to text file. You need to set variables in eos_exporter.sh. You can use supervisor to start this script. 
To check Node Exporter use curl http://localhost:9100/metrics.  
  
### Import template to Grafana.  
You can import template Nodes_metrics.json to Grafana using standard import procedure.

Commit message:

change README and add bos_exporter.sh

README.md, after:

## EOSMON - monitoring EOS,TELOS,BOS,MEETONE using Node Exporter, Prometheus and Grafana.  

### Requirements:  
1. Node exporter
2. Prometheus
3. Grafana  

### Start Node Exporter with collector.textfile.directory.

Create directory:  
```
mkdir -p /var/lib/node_exporter/textfile_collector
  
chown node_exporter:node_exporter /var/lib/node_exporter/textfile_collector  
```  
Change service file:  
```
vim /etc/systemd/system/node_exporter.service  
[Unit]  
Description=Node Exporter  
Wants=network-online.target  
After=network-online.target  
  
[Service]  
User=node_exporter  
Group=node_exporter  
Type=simple  
ExecStart=/usr/local/bin/node_exporter --collector.textfile.directory /var/lib/node_exporter/textfile_collector  
  
[Install]  
WantedBy=multi-user.target  
```  
### Start script eos_exporter.sh.  
This script collect metrics to text file. You need to set variables in eos_exporter.sh. You can use supervisor to start this script. 
To check Node Exporter use curl http://localhost:9100/metrics.  
To get metrics for other cryptocurrencies you need create other scripts. For example bos_exporter.sh.    
### Import template to Grafana.  
You can import template Nodes_metrics.json to Grafana using standard import procedure.
